So let's see how we can create a new tap inside that we're going to display the video that we added.
So that's a for insurance.
And you know we'd be you sort of not function at all.
On by again what going to call these when Beeville and we're going to have a field day at and on the
top you can see we look almost commercial hook that manages all everything about the tax on one of these
right.
You know when I called these in at this a below the Francia to stay consistent with the goal that we're
writing page right here and what we're going to give up priority over 11 we're going to pass one argument
so right here on out that's and you can have a go.
Bre école closing the pretax and we're going about them the value of the ops just to see what is coming
in these in these very well sort of a low right here and you can see that we have a rate with two positions
additional information and then we have these Dayrell we're printing the brand name.
Then we have a callback that callback is going to be another function that will display everything.
So if we were going to remove these and I'm going to have a new That's what we're going to create a
new element in the array.
And we're going to create an array.
We're going to pass all the information inside an array because you consume data priority in callback.
So when I pass Dayrell it's going to be you think get a comma and we have the priority priority ready
going at 15 and then we have the callback the quarterback is going to be there for lunch and that will
display the video so we don't have a callback and we're going to have Caterina's these play media.
So we need to create this callback function function.
Rohit
So now we have the new tab right here and I'm going to echo BVO here and I forgot we need to the right
wing taps.
That's what we're missing that Pat and relo rescue.
And you can see we have a new BVO media here.
So we need to we can play with the priority in this case for example this one is dirty.
So we got something bigger.
Right here.
And you can see the on the bottom 20 you can play with the values to play the video in the exact place
that you went.
But for example you can see here you can see that we can be here and it's pretty nice.
So this function is communicating with this one.
I'm going to change this to 50 This way we can.
This way we can show the video by before and it's finished.
So there's not all the pros with her video sort of going out.
Well let's bring the value for his Global Post again and then we're going to be the other variable equals
to get a feel and then we're going to read the value from the view.
It's going to be really with pass balls.
And in this case for example looking at the map with the brain there there you are a red light.
You know you see something like this.
This is the syntax.
And you can see that we have they were right.
So this is looking nice.
So first Not all the videos will not all the pros will help us or even have an if statement if in case
we have a video we're going to display the video if not we're going to ignore these We're going to have
Echo BVO controls where we're going to use the Timofei be the player that we have in and most in the
and browser.
And then what happened at Sauers Sowers is Selsey and inside single quotes the world's goods to concatenate
the ready we're going to be the angry Kunkle of these races.
And then Ecko and goes the video
so you can save these and reload and then you can see that we have the video and of course you can add
in the attributes for example out to play so reload this video is going to play by the different body
of course when they use it because this is going to happen like this.
And then they are going to start reading the Wii the description and everything.
So it's a good idea for me a thing that the user should play these should play the scene in the browser.
So you can play cricket and you can see they have a video here for additional information or for the
rebels.
So this is the nice in this case this example doesn't have the full of the prologue.
If I click here on the pro you can see that this is a Canton area empty right here.
And we can copy these.
For example just to just to test everything of the and reload
so you can see we have become good and we can play with the priority now.
But something like then below maybe five because in this this time is just in the priority of 10 so
we can't reload.
Now we have the video get description additional information and the reviews and so on we have the red
arrows.
So now this looks more complete.
And we have a new review.
And again that's up in another pro can like on products and that's up and they essentially view
and you can see that we have Bedia here but we don't have any BVO so we can again make and model make
us smile.
If a statement were not something you like Global Post we're going to call BS and most everything from
here so engaged that we have some in case that we have the video we're going to have on tap in case
we don't.
We're going to ignore that and Eve and then we're doing the taps something like this will work.
So relo right here now you can see that we don't have the video in case that we have video like these
is into this play the video there.
So you can have more tabs really really easily use create a new element in the array and use these three
these three pieces of the original information with the title the priority to display the order in the
taps and also the callback function that will display the content in the top.
That's something really helpful.
So what Almazan with this let's see how you can work with these guns in the next video.